en/workspaces/cases/index.rst, before:

Case Workspaces
===============

Case workspaces are a special type of workspace which help teams to manage a shared work load with discreet milestones.
You can configure a case workspace with a set of tasks and milestones and then re-use that configuration for new projects.
You can also decide who is able to work on particular tasks during each milestone and notify workspace members when a particular milestone has been reached.

Let's step through the process of creating and using a case workspace.

.. image::  ../images/create-workspace-1.png


Select "Case Template" as the workspace type.

.. image::  ../images/create-case-1.png

.. note::  Your Quaive site may have a selection of different pre-configured case workspaces available under the 'Special workspace' section.

Fill in the details and create the workspace.

.. image::  ../images/create-case-2.png

On the case workspace you will see an overview of the tasks and milestones for this case workspace.

.. image::  ../images/case-home.png

Please click on the tasks icon in the sidebar to configure additional tasks.

.. image::  ../images/case-tasks-sidebar.png

Let's create a new task to add members to the case workspace.
Please click the button to add a new task to the "New" milestone.

.. image::  ../images/case-add-task-1.png

You can add an assignee and a due date.

.. image::  ../images/case-add-task-2.png

You will also see the assignee and due date on the case workspace.

.. image::  ../images/case-task-assignee-and-date.png

You can now add complete the task by adding a team member.
This works in exactly the same way as a normal workspace.

Commit message:

Case: add reference to workspace member settings

en/workspaces/cases/index.rst, after:

Case Workspaces
===============

Case workspaces are a special type of workspace which help teams to manage a shared work load with discreet milestones.
You can configure a case workspace with a set of tasks and milestones and then re-use that configuration for new projects.
You can also decide who is able to work on particular tasks during each milestone and notify workspace members when a particular milestone has been reached.

Let's step through the process of creating and using a case workspace.

.. image::  ../images/create-workspace-1.png


Select "Case Template" as the workspace type.

.. image::  ../images/create-case-1.png

.. note::  Your Quaive site may have a selection of different pre-configured case workspaces available under the 'Special workspace' section.

Fill in the details and create the workspace.

.. image::  ../images/create-case-2.png

On the case workspace you will see an overview of the tasks and milestones for this case workspace.

.. image::  ../images/case-home.png

Please click on the tasks icon in the sidebar to configure additional tasks.

.. image::  ../images/case-tasks-sidebar.png

Let's create a new task to add members to the case workspace.
Please click the button to add a new task to the "New" milestone.

.. image::  ../images/case-add-task-1.png

You can add an assignee and a due date.

.. image::  ../images/case-add-task-2.png

You will also see the assignee and due date on the case workspace.

.. image::  ../images/case-task-assignee-and-date.png

You can now add complete the task by adding a team member.
This works in exactly the same way as a normal workspace, using the :ref:`workspace-settings-members-label` settings.

There are two ways to mark a task as complete.

.. image::  ../images/case-complete-task-1.png

You can now see that the task is complete.

.. image::  ../images/case-complete-task-2.png

Once all the tasks for a milestone are complete, you can close the milestone and move on to the next one.

.. image::  ../images/case-close-milestone-1.png

You can now see that the milestone is closed, you can also reopen it from the task sidebar.

.. image::  ../images/case-close-milestone-2.png
